MOHAMMED SHAFEE
CIVIL ENGINEER

Gulbarga, KA 585102
9916632786
shafeemrym786@gmail.com

Professional Summary

Qualified Civil Engineer with 3 ğ’šğ’†ğ’‚ğ’“ğ’” ğ’ğ’‡ ğ’†ğ’™ğ’‘ğ’†ğ’“ğ’Šğ’†ğ’ğ’„ğ’† working in various capacities to complete construction engineering tasks. Expert in directing workflow of earth and concrete works, underground utility installations and green and brownfield project demolitions. Proven success in identifying and addressing challenges to complete projects on-time and under budget. Applies cost-saving strategies without sacrificing practicality and quality. Manages large projects and teams to meet milestones and exceed quality expectations.

Work History

August 2019 - January 2022
ğ‘©ğ’–ğ’Šğ’ğ’…-ğ‘¶ğ’ ğ‘ªğ’ğ’ğ’”ğ’•ğ’“ğ’–ğ’„ğ’•ğ’Šğ’ğ’ğ’” ğ‘·ğ’—ğ’• ğ‘³ğ’•ğ’…. ğ—šğ˜‚ğ—¹ğ—¯ğ—®ğ—¿ğ—´ğ—®, Karnataka
ğ‘ªğ’Šğ’—ğ’Šğ’ ğ‘ºğ’Šğ’•ğ’† ğ‘¬ğ’ğ’ˆğ’Šğ’ğ’†ğ’†ğ’“

Analyzed survey reports, maps, blueprints and other topographical and geologic data to effectively plan infrastructure and construction projects.
Inspected installation of precast structures, underground services, concrete and earthworks.
Planned, directed and participated in surveying activities and researching title reports and deeds in preparation of survey instructions.
Monitored construction of contract work for compliance with design plans and specifications.
Managed construction contracts for capital projects to outline objectives, stakeholder responsibilities and modification procedures.
Managed conceptual design projects while providing task management and technical contributions to multidisciplinary teams.
Monitored execution of contract work for compliance with design plans and specifications.
Liaised with civil technicians to prepare and update maps, drawings and blueprints using manual and computer-assisted methods.
Collaborated with civil technicians to gather project equipment and update maps, drawings and blueprints.

Education

August 2014 - August 2019
APPA INSTITUTE oF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY GULBARGA
BACHELOR oF ENGINEERING Civil Engineering

Graduated With First Class in Engineering.

May 2012 - June 2014
SHREE GURU INDEPENDENT P.U. COLLEGE GULBARGA, KARNATAKA
P.U.C / 12th SCIENCE
Graduated WIth 75%.  

April 2011 - May 2012
ST MARY SCHOOL GULBARGA, KARNATAKA
S.S.L.C / 10th SCIENCE
Graduated With 80%  

Languages

ENGLISH
Excellent

HINDI
Very Good

KANNADA
Very Good

URDU
Very Good

ARABIC
Good

Skills

Structural analysis

Construction management

AutoCAD proficiency

2D and 3D modeling

Microsoft Excel, Project and Visio

Drafting

AutoDesk Inventor

Project Management

Highly skilled in 3D and 2D

Material cost projection

Load requirement analysis

MATLAB knowledge

Site layout

Operations management